README.md, before:

# Event-Searcher

# Link to Public Repo on Github:

# Link to Github Deployed Page:

# About Our App
    -This application was created for users to find local events in their cities. What makes this application stand out from other event apps is that when a city is searched, events in that city are presented alongside the current weather in that city. They are also presented with an option to save their events to a schedule.
# How The App Functions
    -When the users open the homepage they are presented with an introduction and a get started button.

    -When the user clicks on the get started button then they are taken to the event search application.

    -When the user types a city in the event search box then they are presented with event cards listing local events in that city.

    -If the user wants to purchase tickets to the event they are interested in, then they are presented with a buy tickets button at the bottom of the events card. 

    -If they wish to save their events then they are presented with a save event button that will create an event list for them.

Commit message:

added gifs of deployed app in readme file

README.md, after:

# Event-Searcher

# Link to Public Repo on Github:

https://github.com/nlaramee120/Make-My-Day

# Link to Github Deployed Page:

# Showcasing the App

![demo of deployed app](./images/opening.gif)

![searchfeature](./images/search.gif)

![continuation of search](./images/searchtwo.gif)

![save feature](./images/savefeature.gif)

# About Our App
    -This application was created for users to find local events in their cities. What makes this application stand out from other event apps is that when a city is searched, events in that city are presented alongside the current weather in that city. They are also presented with an option to save their events to a schedule.
# How The App Functions
    -When the users open the homepage they are presented with an introduction and a get started button.

    -When the user clicks on the get started button then they are taken to the event search application.

    -When the user types a city in the event search box then they are presented with event cards listing local events in that city.

    -If the user wants to purchase tickets to the event they are interested in, then they are presented with a buy tickets button at the bottom of the events card. 

    -If they wish to save their events then they are presented with a save event button that will create an event list for them.
